hello everybody and welcome to my update
video four days four and five of the
booktubeathon now I am in a really great
mood honestly I haven't been reading
that much I are still having so much fun
I love running this event and this is
going to sound really cheesy is running
this event with really my best friend
doing this together has been incredible
getting to talk to you guys and seeing
you guys reading but most importantly
seeing you guys having fun we have been
getting hundreds upon hundreds of tweets
every single day of people telling us
about their reading progress telling us
about the things that they've been doing
throughout the day and just having fun
and I just am having so much fun so like
I usually do and I guess this is the
purpose of the update videos I'm going
to tell you how my greeting has been
going now yesterday i woke up with
purpose and determination and I
read the entirety of metamorphosis by
franz kafka in one sitting it is really
short it was only 85 pages or so
actually picked this up because I found
out the one of my favorite books and
books that i read the day previous fly
on the wall was based on this book so I
thought I'd check it out and it was
interesting but any love it so 3 of 5
stars afterwards I picked up the old man
and the sea Becker is coming away this
is a book that I chose as my I've had on
my shelf forever challenge and honestly
I wasn't loving it I liked it I wasn't
like compelled to read this book so I
only ended up reading about 35 pages of
it also I dabbled into the mis-education
of cameron post there was a book i
bought of a week ago and it completes no
challenges it's really longer there's no
way I'm going to finish it for the
booktubeathon but I don't like reading
it and so I did and I only read about 25
pages but I really enjoyed it and so
also yesterday I was in charge of the
Twitter and oh my goodness I had so much
fun on the Twitter I have hosted a
couple of spreads but me rarely decided
that it would be fun to have some extra
many challenges during the Sprint and so
I made some many challenges up and it
was so much fun
and rises feedback I had a blast now
today I've barely read anything I
started the day by listening to the
ocean at the end of the lane because i'm
reading along with it the audiobook and
so the thing is it actually listened
like two two and a half hours worth of
this but it's only been like 50 pages or
something also i have read about 20 more
pages in this book that was education so
I haven't read very much but I don't
even care because I'm having so much fun
now overall I've found that my biggest
distraction while reading has been my
dog Eddie my dog is insane he is so cute
and so excitable and now wants to play
and if he sees that I'm reading he's
like oh you're not doing very much let's
play and so I thought that it would be
really fun to ask instead of a question
for today's update video I requested a
picture of your dog with the book you're
currently reading and I got some
adorable responses first off hambrook
from check out Show with her dog
Josefina
animal farm which is my favorite classic
then we have a mentor a necromantic
fabulous crossmember little sleepy dog
so cute and catching fire which was my
favorite book and hungry astrology then
we I think might possibly be the cutest
picture ever from Charlie's from at
Charlie's ray of her three dogs too
skinny and a monster calls I've heard
really great things about that book with
the buckle then we have jinx who
currently has a virus oh but she's
reading blood magic which I've never
heard of but I love cats in my favorite
pet then we have a visit this might be
my favorite we have a picture from
Moonee at Sunday violet that doesn't
have a pet so she just had some adorable
stuffed animal so cute then we have mile
from Lawrence's that poorly and he's so
k so I feel like he just got a haircut
because he looks fine okay i love this
one i'm lisa from lisa high-end on said
that her I don't know if that's a mouse
or a guinea pig I'm not good with the
little or one he went
to the pictures so i had to put him down
and let him eat so that's adorable we
have real Ian's dog Hurley and she's
like a lowly needs a haircut yeah
because it was like kiddin see it was
the look you guys he looks really sad
for the boy on the picture ok this one
this one this one breaks the heart we
have caring ashkenaz dog curling up to
my life next door at ease so what door
oh my god I actually read my life next
door a couple of months ago or weeks ago
and I really enjoyed it I thought it was
a great contemporary so if you want a
contemporary definitely check that one
out then we have a busy who's reading
city of actions and it's his birthday
today happy birthday Billy he looks like
like a noble soldier you know like I can
trust that dog we have not only skelly
at
you five and her cub ebony it's like
smiling like hey which is adorable and
she's really ready player one and I
think ready player one is my favorite
book this year it's tiny probably with
Aristotle and Dante discover suited to
the universe and the final i'm going to
point out is morgan and she's sitting in
front of the laundry machine reading
delirium and she looks like ready she's
like posing that's adorable guys looking
at your pictures of your pets has been
so cute and so i thought that i insert a
picture of my dog Eddie yeah he's so
cute as me but it's a boy anyway
tomorrow's update video is going to have
to really big announcement and so
definitely check out for that and
definitely go on the twitter if you
don't already and please use a hashtag
at booktubeathon whenever you tweet
anything about little too with on we
still have two days and me really want
to see if we can possibly trend because
i would be really cool i am loving this
a bit
I am loving it I'm not reading as much
as I probably should or i probably could
but i'm just having so much fun and i
hope that you guys are too i'll see you
guys in my next video